# Introduction
Implements a compiler for a simple programming language.The target 
language is java byte code and the ASM byte code framework is used to help with
code generation. Eclipse is the recommended IDE as there is a convenient plug-in for ASM.
This project includes development of scanner, parser, abstract syntax tree, symbol table, 
type checking, intermediate code generation and target code generation. 

## Modules
1. Scanner.java - Implements a scanner for the programming language with a given lexical structure, throws exception if illegal token is encountered.
1. Parser.java -  Implements a recursive descent parser for the context-free grammar. The parser determines whether the given sentence is legal or not.  
                  The parser throws a SyntaxException for an illegal sentence.
1. Abstract Syntax Tree (AST) package - Returns an abstarct syntax tree for a specified grammar.
1. SymbolTable.java - Implements a LeBlanc-Cook symbol table. 
1. TypeCheckVisitor.java - Implements a visitor class which traverse the AST generated by the parser module and performs type checking according to the rules described.   
                           The Visitor class will both decorate the tree and check conditions along the way.  If a condition is violated, it throws a TypeCheckException.
1. CodeGenVisitor.java - Implements the final code generation for the language.
1. Compiler.java - Final wrapper class which runs all the above mentioned modules and writes the final output which is the bytecode.

## Dependencies:
* Set up asm framework in eclipse.
  ASM plugin - http://asm.ow2.org/
